# **Privacy Policy**

Updated January19, 2024

## Protecting your privacy

This Privacy Policy explains how HolidayAir, Inc. (\"we,\" \"us,\"
\"our,\" \"HolidayAir\") collects, uses, shares, and protects
information both in connection with HolidayAir's online and offline
services, systems, websites, and apps that refer or link to this Privacy
Policy (our \"Services\"), and as explained below, including without
limitation, the collection and processing of personal information in
connection with bookings and travel on HolidayAir or flights operated by
our regional carriers (for example, Envoy Air, Piedmont Airlines and PSA
Airlines), as well as loyalty data collected and processed in connection
with the HoldayAirLoyalty® program. This Privacy Policy applies
regardless of the way you interact with our Services or the type of
device or other means you use to access our Services.

HolidayAir reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time
by posting the updated Policy here along with the date on which the
Policy was changed. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy
that affect the way we collect, use and/or share your personal
information, we will notify you by including a \"NEWLY UPDATED\" label
with the \"PRIVACY POLICY\" link on holidayair.net for 30 days after
material changes are made. This Privacy Policy is not a contract and
does not create any contractual rights or obligations.

## Information we collect and how we collect it

When we use the term 'personal information,' we are referring to
information that identifies, relates to, describes, or can be associated
with you, including the categories and specific types of information
described in this Privacy Policy.

We collect and maintain personal information about you from many sources
to understand and meet your needs, facilitate your travel, manage our
business, and for other purposes disclosed to you. For example, we
collect personal information about you from:

You, when you voluntarily provide us with information

Your transactions with HolidayAir

Other third-party sources, such as travel agents, law enforcement
agencies, other airlines (e.g., code share and alliance partners) and
travel and hospitality service providers (e.g., transportation or tour
operators).

If the information is to be collected directly from you, you may in some
cases have the option to decline providing that information. However,
your choice to not provide information may impact your use of certain
features or services.

The personal information we collect about you through these various
sources may include, but is not limited to:

General information about you, including name, title, gender, date of
birth, HoldayAirLoyalty® account number, driver\'s license number,
passport number, nationality, and country of residence

Contact information, including addresses and telephone numbers, email
addresses, fax numbers, pager numbers, and social media handles Travel
information, including:

booking and itinerary information:

HolidayAir creates a record for each booking that involves travel on
HolidayAir, even if the ticket is sold under another airline's booking
code, including whether you booked your flight on holidayair.net or
through another sales channel (such as a travel agency)

HolidayAir will also collect information about changes to your booking,
including a cancellation or failure to complete your travel, upgrades,
your baggage requirements, airport disruption, and lost baggage

If you book travel for someone else, HolidayAir may collect your billing
information but may communicate with the passenger directly about their
flight other information required to facilitate travel services, such as
requests for assistance, dietary restrictions, interactions with staff
and cabin crew, travel companion name(s), emergency contacts,
photographs, information about your prior flights and travel-related
issues

Payment information, including credit or debit card number(s),
associated billing address(es), and expiration date(s)

Sensitive information, Some examples of this type of information
include:

You have sought clearance from us to fly with a medical condition or
device

Biometric information, including a scan of your face, fingerprint, or
other biometric identifiers, as disclosed to you when you participate in
one of our biometric authentication programs

You have otherwise chosen to provide such information to us or it has
been passed onto us by a third party, such as the travel agent through
which you made your booking or other entity, including information about
whether you have symptoms of a communicable disease or virus (such as
COVID-19), an appropriate vaccination, or a negative test result

Digital identity credentials, including credentials linked to
vaccination status or negative test results that you provide for
specific purposes, such as compliance with customs and immigration
requirements during international travel or services in which you choose
to participate

Technical information, including browser type, IP address, type of
operating system, geolocation, the name of your internet service
provider, mobile advertising identifiers, and pages visited on our
Services (as further described in the section titled "Automatically
collected information (including cookies and geolocation)")

The content of correspondence you send to us, including information
provided via survey, focus group or other marketing research efforts,
the content of emails or online customer service requests you send to
us, the content of chat, text message, social media, or other
communications with us, and our responses to you

Business information, including corporate-contract, employer name,
corporate affiliation, and Business Extra® account information when you
conduct business on behalf of your employer or when you travel or use
our Services that are funded by your employer

## Sensitive personal information

To the extent that the personal information we collect constitutes
sensitive personal information under applicable law, HolidayAir will
collect and process this sensitive personal information within the
limits provided by applicable law. Where required by law, and where no
other lawful bases exist for processing such data (such as to fulfill
laws promoting a substantial public interest), HolidayAir will seek your
specific consent before processing sensitive personal information.

You may submit a request for services (such as a meal preference, or a
request for wheelchair assistance) which is not sensitive personal
information. HolidayAir does not consider such data to reliably imply or
suggest sensitive personal information.

## Minors

HolidayAir does not knowingly collect personal information directly from
children -- persons under the age of 13, or another age if required by
applicable law -- other than when required to comply with the law or for
safety and security reasons. Due to the nature of our Services, we may
collect travel information, which may include personal information,
about children when it is required to comply with the law, including
federal aviation or security regulations, as otherwise required to
provide transportation needs and services, or for safety or security
reasons. We may retain personal information when required to provide
transportation and related services to a child, or in connection with
services purchased or enrolled by the parent or guardian on the child's
behalf (such as a parent or guardian's enrollment of their child in the
HoldayAirLoyalty® program).

If you are a parent or guardian of a child who has provided personal
information without your knowledge and consent, you may request we
remove this child's information by emailing [privacy@holidayair.net](mailto:privacy@holidayair.net).

## Automatically collected information (including cookies and geolocation)

When you use our Services, we may receive technical information such as
your browser type, the type of operating system you use, your
geolocation, the name of your internet service provider, mobile
advertising identifiers, and pages visited on our Services. HolidayAir
gets this information by using technologies, including cookies, web
beacons, and mobile device geolocation to provide and improve our
Services and advertising, including across browsers and devices (also
known as cross-device linking). We also use this information to verify
that visitors meet the criteria required to process their requests and
for reporting activity on our Services. For example, we may want to know
how long the average user spends on our Services or which pages or
features get the most attention. This technical information may be
combined with information that is personally identifiable in order to
personalize our Services and advertising to your interests, including
across browsers and devices. For example, if you spend time reviewing a
particular flight or destination but do not complete a travel
reservation, we may use this information to show you targeted
advertising about similar flights or destinations on our Services or on
third-party websites. Some of this information may be shared with third
parties, as described in the section titled "Information collected by
third parties on our Services."

Additionally, and with your specific consent where required by law,
HolidayAir may combine the information we receive from you with
information collected from other sources. This information may be used
to provide offers and / or services specifically tailored to your
interests in accordance with applicable laws.

## Cookies and online advertising

When you use our Services, we and third parties on our Services may
automatically receive information using tracking technologies such as
cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, and similar technologies
(collectively, "Cookies"). This information includes your browser type,
IP address, type of operating system you use, the name of your internet
service provider, mobile advertising identifiers, and pages visited on
our Services.

We use Cookies for a variety of reasons, including to provide and
improve our Services and advertising and to show you advertising that is
relevant to you, including across browsers and devices (also known as
crossdevice linking). Some Cookies are necessary to keep our Services
secure. Others make sure you get a highquality experience and receive
relevant advertising.

Some of our Services include social network or other third-party
plug-ins (such as Facebook's \"Like\" button) that enable you to log in
to certain Services, to comment on content available on our Services,
and to share things you find on our Services with your social network.
The providers of these plug-ins may be able to collect information about
you even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-in
or widget and regardless of whether you have an account or other
relationship with these social networks and third parties. If you use
social network tools or visit social networking sites, you should read
their privacy disclosures to learn what information they collect, use,
and share.

## What is a cookie?

A cookie is a small text file (often including a unique identifier),
that is sent to a user's browser from a website's computers and stored
on a user's computer's hard drive, tablet, or mobile device. The cookie
stores a small amount of data on your device about your visit to the
Services. Some Cookies are "session cookies," which expire at the end of
the browser session and can capture your activities during the browser
session. Other Cookies are "persistent cookies" which remain on your
device for the period specified in the Cookie and are able to capture
your settings or activities on multiple websites.

Cookies allow websites to recognize your browser or device during your
use of our Services and some Cookies also allow us to track your
behavior when you use the services (e.g., websites or apps) of other
entities.

[Managing cookies](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/)

### What Cookies do we use?

1. _Essential Cookies:_

These Cookies enable you to use our Services. These Cookies are
essential to enable you to browse our Services and use certain features
you have specifically requested. Disabling them may prevent you from
using certain parts of the Services. For example, without these Cookies,
services such as shopping activity and paying activity cannot be
provided. These types of Cookies allow us to:

- record that you are logged into your account;

- record when you give consent to our use of Cookies, when applicable;

- provide products and service to you and manage transactions,
  including enabling the Services you use to remember the items that
  you add to your shopping cart or the information you provided in
  forms;

- display the product reviews that you submit to us; and

- provide the necessary security the Services require, for example, to
  monitor traffic flow and visits in order to let us know of potential
  security threats (e.g., in case of unusually high or rapid traffic).

We want you to understand these essential Cookies, and why we use them,
but your consent is not required for us to use them as we use these
Cookies only to provide you with services that you have requested.

2. _Preference Cookies:_

These Cookies store information such as your preferred country and
language selection, HoldayAirLoyalty® login data and website
preferences. Without these Cookies, our Services may not be able to
remember certain choices you\'ve previously made (such as a saved
country / language preference) or personalize your browsing experience
by providing you with relevant information (such as saved reservation
preferences or HoldayAirLoyalty® award miles balance). These Cookies can
recognize your device and offer you a more personal experience so that
you do not have to provide the same information more than once. We also
use these Cookies to enable you to comment on a discussion in a forum or
provide enhanced services such as enabling you to view a video on our
website. Disabling these Cookies means that you will be asked to reenter
this information every time you use our Services.

3. _Performance Cookies:_

These Cookies collect information about how you use our Services such as
which pages you visit regularly. They allow us to understand:

- which device and/or website you come from;

- which of our Services and their functions you use most often so that
  we can use this information to improve their functionality;

- your preferences to ensure that more relevant content (including
  advertising content) is delivered to you;

- page load and site response times; and

- if you get error messages.

4. _Content / advertising Cookies:_

These cookies gather information about your use of our Services so we
may improve your experience and provide you with more relevant content
and advertising. They are also used to gather feedback on customer
satisfaction through surveys. They remember that you\'ve visited our
Services and help us understand usage of our Services and tailor
advertisements to you. These Cookies are also used to limit the number
of times you see an advertisement as well as to help measure the
effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Some of these Cookies are from
third parties that collect information about users of our Services (as
described in the section titled "Online behavioral advertising /
interest-based advertising") in order to provide advertising (on our
Services and elsewhere) based on users' online activities (so-called
\"interest-based advertising\") on our Services and elsewhere online.

## Online behavioral advertising / interest-based advertising

Online behavioral advertising, also known as interest-based advertising,
is a way of serving advertisements on the websites you visit and making
them more relevant to you and your interests. The third parties involved
in interest-based advertising collect internet browsing information
(e.g., websites visited, time of visit) across different websites and
over time, and they may use the information they collect on our Services
to provide you ads (from us and other companies) across the internet.
This may include anonymized or de-identified information about you, such
as travel destinations that you search for while using our Services.
These third parties may use the information they collect on our Services
to make predictions about your interests in order to provide you ads
(from us and other companies) across the internet (for example, travel
products and services that are available at a destination you searched
for online). Some of these third parties may participate in an industry
organization that gives users the opportunity to opt out of receiving
ads that are tailored based on online activities.

To opt out of interest-based advertising across browsers and devices,
please opt out through the Digital Advertising Alliance or Network
Advertising Initiative website and also through the settings within the
mobile app or your mobile device. Your opt-out choice may apply only to
the browser or device you are using when you opt out, so you should opt
out on each of your browsers and devices if you want to disable all
cross-device linking for interest-based advertising. If you opt out, you
will still receive ads but they may not be as relevant to you and your
interests. HolidayAir\'s websites do not honor web browsers\'
Do-NotTrack signals.

- [Digital Advertising Alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/)

- [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)

- [European visitors](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)

Please note that opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean
that you will no longer receive advertisements. Instead, the advertising
you do see will likely be less relevant to your interests. Due to
differences between using apps and websites on mobile devices, you may
need to take additional steps to disable targeted ad technologies in
mobile apps. Many mobile devices allow you to opt out of targeted
advertising for mobile apps using the settings within the mobile app or
your mobile device. For more information, please check your mobile
settings. You also may uninstall our apps using the standard uninstall
process available on your mobile device or app marketplace.

## How to manage Cookies

If you do not wish to receive Cookies, you may set your browser to
reject Cookies or to alert you when a Cookie is placed on your device.
You may also delete Cookies as soon as you leave the Services. Although
you are not required to accept Cookies when you visit our Services, if
you set your browser to reject Cookies, you may not be able to use all
of the features and functionalities of the Services.

For example, the Help portion of the toolbar on most web browsers will
tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, how to
have the browser notify you when new Cookies are dropped, and how to
entirely disable Cookies. With regard to some of the popular browsers
you can find more information for:

- [Apple Safari](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac)

- [Google Chrome](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en)

- [Microsoft Edge](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy)

- [Microsoft Internet Explorer](https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies)

- [Mozilla Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences)

- [Opera](https://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/)

We may use Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics to aggregate and analyze
data about your use of our Services.

- [Opt out of Adobe Analytics](http://metrics.aa.com/optout.html)

- [Opt out of Google Analytics](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/)

- [Google privacy and terms](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/)

Where required by law, we will present you with a Cookie banner the
first time you visit our Services that explains what type of Cookies we
use and which asks for your consent for some of the Cookies we use.

# Information collected by third parties on our Services

Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Services may
be provided by third parties, including third parties that are not
affiliated with us. As noted above, these third parties may collect or
receive technical information about your use of our Services, including
through the use of Cookies, and this information may be collected over
time and combined with information collected on different websites and
online services. Also, some third parties collect information about
users of our Services in order to provide interest-based advertising (on
our Services and elsewhere, including across browsers and devices, also
known as cross-device linking).

For example, we may use third parties to collect, and share with us,
usage information about how you interact with our Services, including
personal information that you provide, website or app visits and
interactions, and user inputs such as mouse clicks or keystrokes.

# How your information will be used

## Our Services

We use personal information to complete transactions and fulfill
requests for our products and services. For example, we require you to
provide personal information when making a reservation to purchase
airline tickets or related products and services such as renting cars or
booking hotel rooms through an HolidayAir Reservations Agent, travel
agent, the holidayair.net website or other travel-related website, or
enrolling in the HoldayAirLoyalty® and Business Extra programs. We may
also use personal information to verify your identity, including for
security purposes.

In the event of a flight delay, cancellation, or other service
disruption, we may use the contact information provided in your booking
to notify you, and the individuals traveling on the same booking, about
the disruption.

## Administrative, marketing, analytical purposes

In addition to processing, confirming and fulfilling the travel or other
services or products you request, HolidayAir may use personal
information for administrative, analytical, and marketing purposes such
as employee training, information systems management, accounting,
billing and audits, credit card processing and verification,
customer-relations correspondence, and/or operation of the
HoldayAirLoyalty® and Business Extra programs. HolidayAir also uses
personal information to identify, develop and market products and
services that we believe you will value, including across browsers and
devices, in accordance with applicable laws. Where we are required by
applicable law, we will seek your consent prior to sending you
communications for marketing purposes. More specifically, we may use
your personal information for the following purposes:

- Business purposes and communication: To provide flight services or
  information you requested, to communicate with you for business or
  customer service reasons (such as sending messages related to flight
  tracking or delays), or for other such reasons such as changes to
  our policies or in response to your inquiry

- Personalized airport service: To provide personalized service, such
  as wheelchair assistance or access to our lounges; to check whether
  you have passed through airport security, whether you are on a
  connecting flight, and to contact you about boarding a flight, if
  you have not arrived at the gate; and to monitor where you are in
  the airport to assist you with flight connections and boarding our
  aircraft

- Financials transaction management: To facilitate payment for
  services or provide refunds

- Legal and regulatory obligations: To comply with legal, regulatory,
  or fiscal obligations, or in connection with litigation or an
  internal investigation or audit

- Tailored web experience: To personalize your advertising experience
  when visiting our sites, and to manage details about your accounts
  (such as an HoldayAirLoyalty®, Business Extra, or AirPass℠ account),
  including when security updates are available, or when an action is
  required to keep the account active

- Improve our operations: To improve our route and service offerings
  as an airline operator, including reviewing our travel destinations,
  fare classes, loyalty program offerings, and operations more
  generally, as well as compiling statistics on international air
  traffic and statistics to improve products and services

- Marketing and analytics: To perform data analyses and other
  processing for marketing purposes, including to offer you specific
  services, applications, events, sweepstakes and special campaigns

- Site maintenance: To improve content, functionality, and usability
  of our sites and to offer opportunities to participate in surveys
  and provide feedback to us

- Security management: To secure HolidayAir's premises, assets, and
  information, and to test and evaluate the effectiveness of
  HolidayAir's security

- Third party requests: To respond to and comply with outside requests
  initiated by you, as well as in response to legal requests

- Audit and controls: To evaluate internal controls and audits for
  compliance (including those conducted by HolidayAir's internal and
  external audit service providers)

There are Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras in operation within
and around our stations and other premises, which are used for these
purposes:

- to prevent and detect criminal, malicious, or fraudulent activity;

- to protect the health and safety of HolidayAir's customers and
  employees;

- to manage and protect HolidayAir's property and the property of
  HolidayAir's guests and other visitors; and

- for quality assurance purposes

## Data security and integrity

We take reasonable measures to protect the personal information you
provide to us.

HolidayAir uses reasonable technical, administrative, and physical
measures to protect your personal information from loss, interference,
misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction, both
during transmission and once we receive it. We also maintain reasonable
procedures to help ensure that such data is reliable for its intended
use and is accurate, complete and current. When your personal
information is shared, HolidayAir will take a reasonable approach to
prevent the unauthorized use of personal information.

Please note, however, that while HolidayAir attempts to safeguard your
personal information, no method of transmitting or storing electronic
information is ever completely secure, and thus we make no warranty,
express, implied, or otherwise, that your information will never be
accessed, used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this
Privacy Policy.

Here are some things you can do to keep your information secure.

_Keep your confirmation code confidential:_

When you make a booking, you will be given a 6-character confirmation
code. This will appear on the email confirmation or ticket of each
person in your booking. You should keep your record locator
confidential, as giving it to others may allow them to access your
booking details through our systems. If you are traveling with others
and do not want them to have access to your booking details, you should
have each person make their own bookings.

_Keep your HoldayAirLoyalty® account number and login information
confidential:_

To make sure your access to our Services is secure; you should not share
your log in details with anyone else. You should always log out of the
Services after each use if others have access to your computer or
device, especially if you are using a publicly accessible computer such
as at a library or internet café.

# Data retention policy

Your personal information will be retained only for so long as
reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above and consistent with
our retention policies, considering criteria such as applicable rules on
statute of limitations, legal requirements and the duration of your use
of our website and receipt of our Services. In general, this retention
will be at least for the duration of your customer relationship with us
and a longer period as necessary for legal defense purposes or as
required by tax, aviation, and other applicable laws and regulations.

To the extent it is required to do so by law, HolidayAir will
permanently destroy any biometric data or identifiers in our possession
once the initial purpose for collecting or obtaining them has been
satisfied, or within three years of your last interaction with
HolidayAir, whichever comes first. This applies to any biometric
identifiers or information received by HolidayAir from any source, even
if that source does not refer or link to this Privacy Policy.

## With whom your information will be shared

General

We may disclose or share information about you to provide the products
and services you have requested or for administrative, analytical, and
marketing purposes, including to:

- third parties to distribute promotions, sweepstakes, marketing
  surveys and messages, focus groups, interviews and other
  opportunities offered by HolidayAir;

- third parties who have arranged for discounts, and pre-paid travel
  or other services on your behalf, such as your employer if your
  employer purchased your ticket, or a travel agent if you book
  through a travel agency;

- HolidayAir\'s group companies (including any entity that directly or
  indirectly controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control
  with, HolidayAir), for uses in accordance with this Privacy Policy;

- other airlines in order to fulfill your booking requests relating to
  your flights, or in connection with your use of alliance or partner
  benefits such as airport lounge access, or with codeshare partners,
  so that you can earn and redeem miles with our partner airlines (you
  may have an independent relationship with the partner airline, and
  the partner airline is separately responsible for how they obtain
  and process your personal information);

[How other airlines process your personal information](https://www.iatatravelcentre.com/privacy)

- hotels, car rental companies, or other travel industry partners in
  order to fulfill your booking requests relating to vacation packages
  or other travel services booked using our Services;

- our co-branded credit card partners, in connection with a co-branded
  credit or debit card that is linked to your HoldayAirLoyalty®
  account;

- third parties such as government and law enforcement agencies when
  required by law (as further described in the section titled "Legal
  requirements");

- third-party vendors that assist HolidayAir with respect to providing
  our Services and managing our HoldayAirLoyalty® program enrollments
  and HoldayAirLoyalty® travel partnerships; and

- another entity in the event of a bankruptcy, or as part of the due
  diligence or business integration process, in the event we undergo a
  business transition involving another company, such as a merger,
  corporate reorganization, acquisition, or lease or sale of all or a
  portion of our assets

In addition, from time to time, we may share information with certain
third party companies with which we have a business relationship,
including HoldayAirLoyalty® and Business Extra participants. These
companies may send you offers based on the information you have provided
us. Where we are required by applicable law, we will seek your consent
prior to sharing your personal information with such third parties for
marketing purposes. Also, as described in the section titled "Opting out
of marketing communications and sharing your information with third
parties", you can opt out of having your information shared with third
parties for those parties\' direct marketing purposes by emailing us at
[privacy@holidayair.net](mailto:privacy@holidayair.net).

If your booking includes emergency contact information, we may share
personal information with your emergency contact or attempt to collect
information about you from your emergency contact, as appropriate based
on the nature of the emergency.

## Legal requirements

Please note that the laws and regulations of several countries,
including without limitation, the requirements imposed under the
Transportation Security Administration Secure Flight program, require us
to provide foreign and domestic government agencies with access to the
personal information you disclose to us and data that we have about you
and your travel plans, history, or status, including both before and
after a flight arrives. For example, HolidayAir and other airlines
comply with legal obligations in the United States (U.S.), United
Kingdom (UK), member states of the European Union, Uruguay, Brazil (BR),
and other countries to provide border control agencies and customs
authorities with access to booking and travel data when you fly to and
from such countries, including stopover or layover destinations or
countries that you may overfly en route to your destination. HolidayAir
does not have control or knowledge of the storage and use of that data
after it has been delivered to the respective government entity.
Further, to the extent required by law, we may disclose personal
information to government or law enforcement agencies, such as customs
and immigration authorities, or to third parties pursuant to a subpoena
or other legal process, and we may also use or disclose your information
to law firms and courts, as permitted by law, to enforce or apply a
contract with you or protect the rights or property of HolidayAir, our
customers, our employees, our Services, or its users, including, without
limitations, sharing personal data with public health authorities for
purposes of combating infectious disease.

[Learn more about the Secure Flight program](http://www.tsa.gov/stakeholders/secure-flight-program)

## Links to other sites

We\'d also like to remind you that we provide additional links to
resources we think you\'ll find useful. These links will lead you to
sites that are not affiliated with HolidayAir and may operate under
different privacy practices. Our visitors are responsible for reviewing
the privacy policies for such other websites, as we have no control over
information that is submitted to these companies.

## Opting out of marketing communications and sharing your information with third parties

We provide you with options to stop receiving marketing messages from
us. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send
you certain communications and share your information with third parties
for administrative, transactional, and analytical purposes.

If you're an HoldayAirLoyalty® member and you want to opt out of
receiving marketing emails, log in to your HoldayAirLoyalty® profile and
update your preferences, or contact HoldayAirLoyalty® Customer Service.
Please note, you'll continue to receive HoldayAirLoyalty® program
updates and email products for which you've subscribed. If you're a
Business Extra member and you want to opt out of marketing emails, log
in to the Business Extra website and update your preferences.

- Log in to your HoldayAirLoyalty® profile and manage your email
  preferences

- Contact HoldayAirLoyalty® Customer Service

- Update your Business Extra preferences

If you're not an HoldayAirLoyalty® program member and you want to opt
out of marketing emails, you can click the opt-out or unsubscribe link
in the marketing email you receive to manage your marketing preferences.
You can also send an email from the email address you wish to
unsubscribe with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line to
[privacy@holidayair.net](mailto:privacy@holidayair.net). When you do this, we will unsubscribe all users
with the same email address, even if they are registered
HoldayAirLoyalty® members or Business Extra members with registered
preferences.

If you want to opt out of receiving forms of communication from
HolidayAir other than marketing emails, please email
[privacy@holidayair.net](mailto:privacy@holidayair.net) with your request.

If you want HolidayAir to stop sharing your personal information with
third parties for those parties\' direct marketing purposes, please opt
out of third-party data sharing.

Opt out of third-party data sharing (Page to fill data)

When you use our Services, you may receive Cookies from us and the third
parties that collect information on our Services. Please see the
"Cookies and online advertising" section above for additional details.

Other companies or programs of HolidayAir partners (such as
HoldayAirLoyalty® program participating companies) may require different
steps to change your preferences for participation. Please consult the
privacy policies of the relevant companies or programs for further
information.

## Application of local laws

Where required by local law, you may have the right to access, request a
copy of, update, transfer or port, restrict the processing of, or
request that we delete your personal information. You may also have the
right to object to our processing of your personal information.
To exercise these rights please email us at [privacy@holidayair.net](mailto:privacy@holidayair.net).
When we receive a request to exercise one of these rights, we will indicate what
personal information we require from you to validate your identity. We
will also provide information on the action we intend to take on the
request without undue delay and no later than 30 days from receipt of
the request, or within a shorter period of time where required by local
law. This time may be extended by an additional two months in certain
circumstances, for example, where requests are complex or onerous.
Please note, these requests are subject to applicable legal, ethical
reporting, or document retention obligations imposed on us.

Email [privacy@holidayair.net.](mailto:privacy@holidayair.net)
